Apple Vision Pro 
Privacy Overview 
Learn how Apple Vision Pro and visionOS 
protect your data 
February 2024
Introducing Apple Vision Pro	
 
..........................................................................3
Privacy by design	
 
............................................................................................3
Surroundings	
 
..................................................................................................4
Input	
 
................................................................................................................6
Optic ID	
 
...........................................................................................................8
Guest User	
 
......................................................................................................8
Persona	
 
...........................................................................................................9
EyeSight	
 
........................................................................................................10
In-store demo and purchase	
 
.........................................................................11
Apple’s commitment to privacy	....................................................................11
Apple Vision Pro Privacy Overview  |  February 2024
2
Contents
Introducing Apple Vision Pro 
At Apple, we believe privacy is a fundamental human right. Like all our products, 
Apple Vision Pro and visionOS were built with privacy and security in mind from 
the beginning. Apple Vision Pro tightly integrates hardware and software to help 
you simultaneously feel present in the world around you and seamlessly interact 
with digital content in your physical space. For our first spatial computer, we had 
to innovate across every facet of the hardware and software, including how to 
build great features that don’t come at the expense of privacy. 
Spatial computing brings digital content closer to your world than ever before - 
which makes it an incredibly personal device. Apple Vision Pro packs multiple 
depth sensors, cameras, microphones, and gyroscopes generating a wealth of 
realtime data to drive a rich immersive spatial experience.  It was at the forefront 
of our design for that data to enable an amazing user experience and not be 
collected and used for other purposes by Apple, apps, or anyone else.  
We built visionOS from the ground up to protect your privacy and the privacy of 
people around you. Apple Vision Pro is the first Apple product that uses 
advanced always-on camera streams of your eyes and the world around you to 
enable spatial experiences. And where you look can reveal what you are thinking, 
such as links you almost clicked or apps you thought about downloading. To 
keep your thought process private, where you look before you interact with 
content is not shared with Apple or the apps you are using, and does not leave 
your device. Similarly, because Apple Vision Pro blends digital content with your 
physical space on-device, the apps you use cannot access information about 
your surroundings by default. This paper details how each feature designed for 
spatial computing was built to provide a powerful user experience while 
protecting the privacy of both the person wearing the device and those nearby. 
Privacy by design 
We’ve been building privacy features and protections into our products for years. 
Safari Private Browsing, App Tracking Transparency, Privacy Nutrition Labels, and 
Advanced Data Protection are part of the privacy foundation of many of our 
products including Apple Vision Pro. As a result, Apple Vision Pro shares the 
same strong privacy and security foundation in all our platforms.  
In some cases, we expanded these features on visionOS to meet the unique 
needs of Apple Vision Pro. For example, we added three new data types that 
apps can add to their Privacy Nutrition Label on the App Store: information about 
head movement, hand movement, and your surroundings. 
We integrated hardware and software on Apple Vision Pro to protect your 
information in light of the unique privacy challenges posed by spatial computing. 
Apple Vision Pro features, from using it with your eyes and hands to showing 
digital content in your physical space, also have privacy built in. There are four 
privacy principles that inform everything we do at Apple, including all the new 
features on Apple Vision Pro. These four principles are: data minimization, on-
device processing, transparency and control, and security. 
Apple Vision Pro Privacy Overview  |  February 2024
3
Apple’s privacy principles 
Data minimization 
We use innovative technologies and 
techniques to minimize the personal 
data that we, or anyone else, can 
access. 
On-device processing 
We minimize data collection by 
processing as much of your data on 
your device as we can, rather than 
sending it to a server. 
Transparency & control 
We help you better understand the 
data being collected so that you can 
make your own choices over who you 
share that data with and how it’s used. 
Security 
Security protections, such as Data 
Protection, are the foundation of 
privacy.
Privacy features brought to 
Apple Vision Pro 
1.
Advanced Data Protection 
2.
App Tracking Transparency 
3. Data Access prompts 
4. Data Protection classes 
5. Hide My Email 
6. iMessage encryption 
7.
iCloud Private Relay 
8. Location Services 
9. Privacy indicators 
10. Private Network Address 
11. Safari Private Browsing 
And many more!
Data minimization 
Apple Vision Pro and visionOS minimize how much information developers, 
including Apple, can collect by only using the data necessary to support 
seamless spatial experiences. visionOS includes powerful on-device 
technologies to support realistic lighting and audio, so developers do not need to 
access information about your surroundings. 
On-device processing 
visionOS processes data on-device where possible instead of sharing it with 
Apple or other developers. To protect where you look, the hover effects that are 
shown when you look at content are rendered on-device by visionOS and are not 
shared with the app you are using. visionOS also maps your surroundings on-
device in order to realistically render virtual objects in your physical space.  
Additionally, your Persona is generated entirely on-device with photos you take 
of yourself using your Apple Vision Pro. 
Transparency and control 
visionOS helps you understand how your data is being used, and gives you 
control over when it’s shared. In addition to offering the existing data privacy 
permissions from our other platforms, visionOS includes control over sharing 
hand movement and surroundings data with apps. Additionally, the Guest User 
feature gives you control over what content friends and family members are able 
to see when they use your Apple Vision Pro. 
Security 
Security is the foundation of privacy. Optic ID data is encrypted and never leaves 
your device. Optic ID uses the Secure Enclave, a special subcomponent of the 
M2 chip, to store and protect your sensitive biometric data. 
Surroundings 
The places where you use Apple Vision Pro, like at home, often have detailed 
information about your personal life. From items on your desk to who is in the 
room with you, data about your surroundings is protected by visionOS. visionOS 
blends apps with your surroundings entirely on-device, so the apps you use do 
not need to access information about surroundings.  
visionOS builds a three-dimensional model to map your surroundings on-device. 
Apple Vision Pro uses a combination of camera and LiDAR data to map the area 
around you and save that model on-device. The model enables visionOS to alert 
you about real-life obstacles, as well as appropriately reflect the lighting and 
shadows of your physical space. visionOS uses audio ray tracing to analyze your 
room’s acoustic properties on-device to adapt and match sound to your space. 
The underlying scene mesh is stored on-device and encrypted with your 
passcode if one is set. 
Apple Vision Pro Privacy Overview  |  February 2024
4
Sharing surroundings data with apps 
Apps do not need access to information about your surroundings to build 
powerful experiences. To provide more immersive experiences, apps will ask your 
permission to access more information about your surroundings.  
Types of apps that can access surroundings 
Apps automatically launch into a Shared Space, where the app is shown side-by-
side with other apps, similar to the desktop on a Mac. By default, apps cannot 
access any information about your surroundings. Apps can also open a Full 
Space for a more immersive experience, where content from other apps 
disappears and the app can create windows, volumes, and unbounded content. 
With your permission, apps in a Full Space can access surroundings data to 
support more immersive experiences. 
Automatic: visionOS blends content into your surroundings 
Apps in a Shared Space can not access your surroundings, and instead rely on 
visionOS to automatically blend digital content into your space. visionOS 
automatically adjusts the content to the physical lighting conditions and audio 
characteristics of your space without giving apps access to information about 
your surroundings. As your environment changes, like when you turn on the lights 
or the sun sets, visionOS continuously adjusts how apps are displayed to ensure 
content always matches the physical characteristics of your physical space. 
With permission: apps can access surroundings data 
You can choose to give Full Space apps access to your surroundings to further 
integrate digital experiences in your physical environment. For example, 
Encounter Dinosaurs requests access to your surroundings so the dinosaurs can 
burst through your physical space. By giving an app access to surroundings data, 
the app can map the world around you using a scene mesh, recognize objects in 
your surroundings, and determine the location of specific objects in your 
surroundings. The app will only get access to information about your 
surroundings within five meters of where you are. 
Apple Vision Pro Privacy Overview  |  February 2024
5
Volumes 
3D content in an app, which 
is viewable from any angle, 
such as a 3D dinosaur in your 
room.
Shared Spaces 
Apps are automatically 
shown side-by-side with 
other apps, similar to a Mac 
desktop.
Full Spaces 
An immersive experience, 
where only one app appears. 
Apps can create windows, 
volumes, and unbounded 
content.
Windows 
Content is shown as a two-
dimensional plane in space, 
like an article you can scroll.
How content appears in your space
What surroundings data can be 
shared with apps with 
permission? 
Plane estimation 
Detecting flat surfaces nearby, where 
objects may be able to be placed. 
Scene reconstruction 
A polygonal mesh that represents the 
outline of objects within your physical 
space. 
Image anchoring 
Data representing persistent locations of 
specific objects as you move. 
Object recognition 
Identifying objects of interest in your 
space.
People Awareness  
People Awareness helps you see and hear the people around you while you are 
using apps on Apple Vision Pro. In addition to helping you stay connected to 
people around you, People Awareness helps ensure you are not surprised by who 
can hear or see you.  
visionOS does not share information about who may be physically nearby with 
the apps and websites that you use, or with Apple. Information about who may be 
physically nearby does not leave the device. And visionOS allows you to control 
how prominently people are shown to you while you use Apple Vision Pro. In 
Settings > People Awareness > Look to Reveal, you can choose how prominently 
people in physical proximity to you are surfaced through your digital content. 
Input 
Apple Vision Pro allows you to seamlessly interact with content just by using your 
eyes, hands and voice. The content you look at, but don’t interact with, can reveal 
information about your thought process. We carefully considered the best ways 
to build powerful experiences using cameras directed at your eyes without 
unnecessarily revealing information about you to apps and websites. As a result, 
visionOS does not share eye input with apps or websites, or even Apple. 
Additionally, apps and websites only know what you select, not what you are 
looking at when you browse. 
Eyes  
You navigate Apple Vision Pro with your eyes, and use your hands to select 
content you want to engage with. 
Data used to calibrate your Apple Vision Pro to your eyes is protected on-device. 
Apple Vision Pro uses an advanced and interconnected system of LEDs and 
infrared cameras to project invisible light patterns onto each of your eyes. This 
system can determine precisely where you are looking while wearing Apple 
Vision Pro, enabling you to interact with apps and content just by looking at them. 
These sensors are calibrated to your eyes during Eye Setup, which happens 
when you first set up your Apple Vision Pro and can be reset in Settings > Eyes & 
Hands > Redo Eye Setup. Eye Setup results in a customized model of your 
individual eye geometry. This information does not leave your device, is 
encrypted, and is not shared with apps.  
Where you look is not shared with apps because the content we look at, and how 
long we look at it, may reveal our thought process. visionOS processes eye 
movements at the system level, and doesn’t share where you are looking, or your 
eye input, with apps or websites before you engage with content. As a result, 
apps and websites only know what content you select when you tap your fingers 
together, not what you look at but don’t select. 
At the same time, visionOS ensures you know what content is selected so you 
can easily interact with it. We designed on-device protections and an interaction 
system that enables realistic spatial experiences while protecting your privacy. 
Apple Vision Pro Privacy Overview  |  February 2024
6
You can click on a button by looking at 
the button, and tapping your fingers 
together.
You can control how prominently 
people are shown to you on Apple 
Vision Pro in People Awareness 
Settings.
The first time you set up Apple Vision 
Pro, you will be asked to do Eye Setup. 
How apps respond to where you look 
We know that it’s important for you to be aware of content you’re about to tap on 
before you tap. As a result, you can tell what you’re about to select on Apple 
Vision Pro without sharing where you are looking with apps. 
visionOS automatically highlights buttons that you look at, without app 
developers needing to know where you look. For example, if you are looking at a 
button in an app, visionOS may provide some visual indication like making the 
button glow. Only when you select the button, by both looking at it and tapping 
your fingers together, does where you are looking get communicated to the app. 
Visuals effects that respond to where you look, like a glowing button, are 
rendered out of process from the app. As a result, the apps you are using are not 
rendering the effects you see when you look at content — visionOS renders these 
animations because the apps you use do not know what you are looking at until 
you make a selection. 
Hands 
The first time you set up Apple Vision Pro, you will be asked to set up your hands. 
During enrollment, Apple Vision Pro measures and stores information on-device 
about the size and shape of your hands and finger joints to make it easier for you 
to interact with content.  
Sharing hands data with apps 
Apps do not need access to your hands set up information in order to help you 
interact with content. For apps that are windowed and not immersive, visionOS 
will communicate the content you interact with to apps, so that apps don’t need 
to access your hands set up information. 
With your permission, immersive apps can access hands structure and 
movements to help you interact with content using custom gestures. For 
example, a developer could create a hand gesture that recognizes when the user 
forms a heart with their hands, and has an associated behavior. Hand input 
information includes real-time movement of your finger joints, wrists and elbows. 
For apps you grant permission to access hand structure and movements, 
developers can create custom gestures based on hand movements in their app. 
Head 
Apps do not need to access information about the orientation of your head in 
order to show realistic three-dimensional content. Apps in a Shared Space 
cannot access information about the orientation of your head. Full Space apps 
can use the location of your head to render realistic spatial experiences, and 
maintain stable perspectives of immersive content as you physically move. Apps 
use your head position in realtime to prevent any disorientation that may result 
from content that appears locked to your perspective. 
Look to Dictate 
Look to Dictate makes it easy to quickly search for content in apps without using 
your hands. For example, when you look at the microphone icon in a search field 
in Finder, the microphone will animate if you continue to look at the icon. When 
Apple Vision Pro Privacy Overview  |  February 2024
7
With your permission, immersive apps 
can use information about the size and 
shape of your hands to create custom 
gestures in their app.
When you look at button, visionOS 
highlights that button without revealing 
to the app what you are looking at.
Custom gestures 
With your permission, a 
mapping app can let you hold 
the globe using a custom 
gesture.
Look to Dictate makes it easier to 
quickly search for content in apps.
the animation completes, Dictation will automatically begin. As you begin to say 
what you are searching for, your search query will populate in the search field. 
The content in your search query is not shared with the app until you finish 
speaking. If you look away from the search field while speaking, the Dictation will 
end. This allows visionOS to confirm your intent to dictate without requiring you 
to click on a text field or unnecessarily revealing information to the app you are 
searching in. 
Virtual Keyboard 
You can use a virtual keyboard to type on Apple Vision Pro or dictate text. When 
you start typing or dictating, typing suggestions will be shown to you at the top 
of the virtual keyboard. These suggestions are personalized on-device using 
your previous typing patterns, and can also include other information like your 
usernames and passwords. The keyboard is displayed by visionOS and not 
visible to the app, so the apps you use can only see the text you type or dictate 
and cannot access the suggestions, including passwords that are suggested. 
Additionally, only you can access and control the virtual keyboard, not the apps 
you are using.  
Optic ID 
Optic ID lets you securely unlock your Apple Vision Pro, authenticate purchases, 
sign in to apps, and more. Optic ID uses an advanced system of LEDs and 
infrared cameras inside the enclosure and machine learning to create a 
mathematical representation of your iris. Optic ID data — including mathematical 
representations of your iris — is encrypted and protected by the Secure Enclave. 
Optic ID data does not leave your device, and is never backed up to iCloud. 
If you choose to enroll in Optic ID, you can disable it at any time in Settings > 
Optic ID & Passcode. If you disable Optic ID, all Optic ID data including 
mathematical representations of your iris will be removed from your device. Apps 
can choose to use Optic ID to securely authenticate content in their apps. Just as 
with Face ID and Touch ID, apps only receive information about whether the 
attempted authentication was successful, and do not get access to the 
underlying Optic ID data or any data associated with the enrollment. 
Guest User 
Guest User sessions let you share your Apple Vision Pro with friends and family 
members. Unlike an iPhone or iPad that you and a friend can look at together, 
Apple Vision Pro requires unique eye and hand set up to use and the content is 
only visible to the person wearing the device. We addressed this challenge with 
Guest User sessions, which give you peace of mind that guests are not seeing 
content you did not intend. Guest User sessions also allow you to view what 
content the guest is looking at on your device using View Mirroring. If you enable 
View Mirroring, you can choose a supported device to view what a guest sees on 
your Apple Vision Pro. 
Apple Vision Pro Privacy Overview  |  February 2024
8
You can choose whether a Guest 
User has access to all apps and 
data, or just the apps that are open.
You can choose to turn Optic ID on or 
off in Privacy & Security settings. 
The virtual keyboard cannot be 
accessed or controlled by the apps 
you are using. 
You can limit what apps and data someone can access on your Apple Vision Pro 
by starting a Guest User session in Control Center. You can configure a Guest 
User session to allow access to all apps and data on your device, or limit the apps 
they can interact with to just those currently visible. This enables you to share 
experiences, like showing a friend a spatial photo you took of them, without 
giving them unrestricted access to your entire device. Even if you choose to give 
a guest access to all apps and data, guests will not be able to access the 
following sections in the Settings app: Apple ID, Persona, and Wallet & Apple Pay. 
Once you start a Guest User session, you will have 5 minutes to give your device 
to your guest before the device locks itself. You can also use View Mirroring to 
see what your guest is seeing in real-time, empowering you to help guide them 
and confirm they are looking at expected content. 
When a guest puts on Apple Vision Pro, they will be asked to go through eye and 
hand set up so that guest can navigate accurately. When your guest takes off 
your Apple Vision Pro and the Guest User session ends, their eye and hand setup 
information will be promptly deleted on-device. 
Persona 
Persona is a digital representation of you, allowing other people to see you while 
you’re using Apple Vision Pro during FaceTime and video calls. Your Persona will 
reflect your facial expressions and movements in real-time. Persona is available 
in beta. 
Persona is generated entirely on-device using an advanced neural network. The 
data used to build your Persona, including the photos taken while capturing your 
Persona, are stored encrypted on your device. You can choose to transmit your 
Persona in experiences like FaceTime, or if you explicitly choose to provide 
Persona feedback to Apple. 
In order to protect your digital representation, Apple Vision Pro has protections 
designed to help ensure only you are using your Persona. If a passcode is not set 
on your device, you will not be able to enroll a Persona. Your Persona is not 
accessible while in a Guest User session is in progress. Additionally, if the 
Persona is protected by Optic ID, any change to Optic ID settings deletes the 
Persona. 
If your Persona is protected by Optic ID, your Persona has additional protections. 
If you have an Optic ID enrollment, using Persona requires a successful Optic ID 
authentication by default and does not fallback to the passcode. As a result, in 
the event that a family member or friend is using your Apple Vision Pro and 
knows your passcode, they cannot access your Persona with just the passcode if 
you have enrolled in Optic ID.  
Persona and FaceTime end-to-end encryption 
Your Persona will be used to represent your expressions in realtime for FaceTime 
calls you join from your Apple Vision Pro. Persona in FaceTime is underpinned by 
protections designed to ensure that only you and the people you call can see 
your Persona. And this works no matter what devices other people on your 
Apple Vision Pro Privacy Overview  |  February 2024
9
What is end-to-end encryption? 
End-to-end encrypted data can only be 
accessed on your trusted devices where 
you’re signed in with your Apple ID. No 
one, not even Apple, can access your 
end-to-end encrypted data unless you 
choose to share it. If you lose access to 
your account, only you can 
recover this data, using your device 
passcode or password, Recovery 
Contact, or Recovery Key.
Persona is a digital representation of 
you that reflects your movements in 
realtime. 
FaceTime call are using! Your Persona is sent securely to the other people on the 
call using end-to-end encryption. To make it quick and easy for others to see 
your Persona, your Persona is stored in iCloud using end-to-end encryption. Only 
you and people you call can access Persona in FaceTime, not Apple or anyone 
else. 
Persona for apps 
If you allow apps to access your Persona, the app will receive a video feed of your 
Persona, including your realtime movements. Apps will not have access to the 
underlying camera data of your movements or information used to generate your 
Persona. 
EyeSight 
Apple Vision Pro helps you stay connected to people around you. EyeSight 
shows a digital representation of your eyes and lets those nearby know when 
you’re using apps or fully immersed in an experience. When someone 
approaches, Apple Vision Pro simultaneously lets you see the person and reveals 
your eyes to them. EyeSight shows an indicator when you’re capturing a spatial 
photo or video, to provide important cues to people around you. 
visionOS uses information from your Persona capture to create a personalized 
EyeSight on-device, which is used to show a digital representation of your own 
eyes on the outside of Apple Vision Pro. EyeSight also lets others nearby know if 
you’re using apps or in an experience by showing a shimmer on top of your eyes. 
The enrollment information for your personalized EyeSight is stored on-device, 
and is not shared with Apple or anyone else. 
Personalized EyeSight can be deleted at anytime in Settings > People Awareness 
> EyeSight > Delete EyeSight. If you delete personalized EyeSight, EyeSight will 
continue to match your skin tone, and will not have personalized eye color or face 
and eye shape. 
Transparency for capture 
Apple Vision Pro enables you to capture memories using Apple’s first three-
dimensional camera, allowing you to transport yourself back into that moment in 
time with spatial photos and video combined with Spatial Audio. Additionally, 
Apple Vision Pro will capture your surroundings when you take a screenshot or 
screen recording that includes your physical space, or choose to share your view 
in FaceTime. Given Apple Vision Pro relies on ongoing usage of cameras to 
anchor content to your surroundings, we wanted to ensure that people in 
physical proximity understand when you are recording what’s around you. When 
you capture photos or video including what’s around you, EyeSight will show a 
pulsing white light to indicate that you are recording or using sharing your view in 
FaceTime. When you stop recording a spatial photo or video, the recording 
indication will stop. This indicator does not impact the quality of the content you 
are capturing. 
Apple Vision Pro Privacy Overview  |  February 2024
10
EyeSight reveals your eyes and lets 
people nearby know when you’re using 
apps or fully immersed.
EyeSight gently pulses with white light 
to let others around you know that you 
are capturing photos or video.
In-store demo and purchase 
Privacy underpins the entire Apple Vision Pro experience, and that includes the 
demo and fitting experience in your local Apple Store. 
Getting a demo of Apple Vision Pro 
When you come into an Apple Store for your demo of Apple Vision Pro, you will 
get fitted for a Light Seal and head band. An Apple Specialist will provide you 
with an iPhone with the Apple Vision Pro Fit App that you will use to scan your 
face. Any photos taken, or underlying representation of the geometry of your 
face, is immediately wiped from the iPhone upon completion and is only used to 
identify the correct Light Seal and head band size. 
For those who choose to demo Apple Vision Pro in the retail store, the Specialist 
will take your glasses and utilize a lensometer to identify which demo optical 
inserts are needed. Then, the lensometer will output an encrypted QR code. As 
soon as the demo optical inserts are identified the data is purged from our 
systems. 
Purchasing an Apple Vision Pro 
When you purchase your ZEISS Optical Inserts for Apple Vision Pro, Apple does 
not see your glasses prescription values. At checkout, you will securely upload 
your prescription and it is shared with ZEISS. Your Optical Inserts are shipped 
directly to you from ZEISS. Your glasses prescription for your Optical Inserts 
cannot be accessed by Apple, or anyone else, as part of your purchase of Apple 
Vision Pro. Apple will store information about the Light Seal and head band size 
to facilitate future transactions, replacements, or returns. 
Apple’s commitment to privacy 
Privacy is more than a design principle, it is who we are. As you have seen, spatial 
computing is incredibly personal. Apple Vision Pro, powered by visionOS, 
features groundbreaking privacy protections to make it possible for you to have 
peace of mind while seamlessly interacting with digital content. From protecting 
where you look to storing Optic ID data on-device, Apple Vision Pro protects your 
information. As we continue to explore what’s possible with spatial computing, 
our work to bring privacy to life is not and never will be finished. 
Apple Vision Pro Privacy Overview  |  February 2024
11
Copyright © 2024 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Apple, the Apple logo, Apple Pay, Face ID, FaceTime, iPad, iPhone, 
Mac, macOS, Safari, and Touch ID, are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Apple Vision 
Pro, Optic ID, and visionOS are trademarks of Apple Inc. App Store, and iCloud are service marks of Apple Inc., 
registered in the U.S. and other countries. Other product and company names mentioned herein may be trademarks of 
their respective companies. Product specifications are subject to change without notice. This material is provided for 
information purposes only; Apple assumes no liability related to its use. February 2024. 
Available in the U.S. on apple.com, in the Apple Store app, and at Apple Stores. Users must be 13 years or older. A 
subscription may be required for some services. Not all content may be available in all areas.
