♪ "Let's Live"
by FKJ ♪ ♪ Introducing Apple Vision Pro. The era of spatial computing is here. ♪ ♪ Serene electronic music ♪ When you put on
Apple Vision Pro, you see your world
and everything in it. Your favorite apps
live right in front of you, but now they're in your space. This is visionOS, Apple's first-ever
spatial operating system. It's familiar,
yet groundbreaking. You navigate with your eyes. Simply tap to select, flick to scroll, and use your voice to dictate. It's like magic. Apps have dimension, react to light, and cast shadows. Even though
these spatial experiences are happening inside Vision Pro, it looks, sounds, and feels
like they are physically there. [LAUGHTER] Foundational to Apple Vision Pro is that you're not isolated
from other people. When someone else
is in the room, you can see them
and they can see you. - Don't even talk to me about --
Sushi? - Sushi.
- All right, see you. - Take care. - Because you're not limited
by a display, apps live in your space. Your photos can be
life-size or any size, so your living room
becomes a gallery. And panoramas wrap around you as if you're right
where you took them. ♪ Upbeat instrumental music ♪ Apple Vision Pro
is Apple's first-ever 3D camera. Now you can capture photos
and videos with remarkable depth and relive a memory as if you're right back
in the exact moment. Both: Hey, Dad! ♪ - Experiences on Vision Pro can
also expand in three dimensions, filling the entirety
of your space. Like in the Mindfulness app, where you can create
a moment of calm. ♪ Serene music ♪ ♪ Epic cinematic music ♪ Apple Vision Pro
brings the scale and wonder of a movie theater
to whatever space you're in. It automatically darkens
and casts a beautiful glow into the room. And you can make the screen
as big as you want. Spatial Audio surrounds you
and makes you feel like you're a part
of the action. And for an extraordinary
cinematic experience, you can bring
in a beautiful Environment and make your screen feel
a hundred feet wide. ♪ Vision Pro is a wonderful way
to play your favorite games. Just connect your controller
and play on a massive screen with incredible audio. [CROWD CHEERING]
- Curry's got 24 points. - With Apple Vision Pro, you can
create the perfect workspace, no matter where you are. The web comes to life
at fantastic scale. Text is crisp and easy to read. Browsing the internet feels new. And Safari expands so you can
see all your open tabs. ♪ Quirky bass-note piano music ♪ ♪ Your favorite apps from Apple
and the App Store are there. You can arrange them
however you like and work seamlessly
across them. [FACETIME RINGING] - Hi.
- Hey. - Hi, did you receive the deck?
- Yeah, I'm looking at it now. - Oh great, you got it.
- So, what did you think? - FaceTime looks and sounds
amazing in Apple Vision Pro. You see people life-size. And with Spatial Audio,
you hear them as if they're right
in front of you. So conversation is more natural, and collaborating
becomes even easier. And because you see
the world around you, you can glance
at a notification. And even connect to your Mac
simply by looking at it, turning a 13-inch screen
into a giant display. ♪ [MUSIC FADES] ♪ Cheerful string music ♪ In Apple Vision Pro, you can also transform
your space with Environments. [BABY CRYING]
Like on a plane. You can now watch a movie
on a huge screen, in a stunning location. And you control just how
immersed you want to be. ♪ ♪ Mellow electronic hip-hop ♪ To make all these
digital experiences feel real in your space takes an extraordinary
amount of technology. Yet Apple Vision Pro
is remarkably compact and beautiful. A single piece of
three-dimensionally formed laminated glass
acts as a lens through which the cameras
and sensors view the world. It flows seamlessly into a
lightweight aluminum alloy frame that gently curves
to wrap around your face. And we designed a modular system
so you can find the right fit. [CLICK] The Light Seal keeps stray light
from your eyes, and a soft frame gently flexes
and conforms to your unique features. The Head Band is 3D knitted to provide cushioning,
breathability, and stretch. And a high-performance battery
reduces weight to a minimum and slips easily
into your pocket. ♪ Because you wear
Apple Vision Pro and your eyes are covered, we engineered a system that uses
advanced machine learning to represent you realistically
when you're in FaceTime. Your Persona
dynamically reflects your face and hand movements,
so when you're chatting, people see your eyes, hands,
and true expressions. [FOOTSTEPS] To convincingly place
content in your space took thousands
of groundbreaking innovations and custom technologies. Since your eyes see the world
with incredible resolution, we built a micro-OLED
display system that fits 64 pixels
in the same amount of space as a single iPhone pixel, and packs 23 million
into two panels the size of a postage stamp. That's more than
a 4K TV for each eye, giving you jaw-dropping,
lifelike clarity. Apple Vision Pro also features
our most advanced Spatial Audio system ever. Personalized sound is delivered
directionally to your ear. And audio raytracing
uses sophisticated sensors to understand the materials
and objects in your room, so sound feels like it's coming
from the world around you. 3D mapping provides
a detailed understanding of walls, furniture,
and even people, so all experiences
look, sound, and feel like they are physically there. To power a spatial computer
like Apple Vision Pro required an innovative
dual-chip design. M2 provides
phenomenal performance. And a brand-new chip, R1, processes sensor data
at incredible speed, virtually eliminating lag, so experiences take place
in real time right in front of your eyes. - Low delivery,
great ball inside! - A stunning new way
to use the apps we love. A powerful way
to relive our memories. A profound new way
to be together. And a magical way
to be immersed in entertainment. The era of spatial computing
is here. This is Apple Vision Pro. ♪